feat: atlas pull and push scripts | FC-55 (#422)
openedx/openedx-app-ios: README.md

6. Click the **Run** button.

## Translation
### How it works for the developer.
- For a developer to translate the App, he/she should, in a normal case,  run `make pull_translations` in terminal. This command will do the following:
   1. Pull the translations from [openedx translations](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations), where the app source translations to the supported languages are.
   2. Split those translations each entry to its corresponding module. 
   3. Remove the pulled files.
   

>   then the app would have been translated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this command is run the application can load the translations by changing the device (or the emulator) language in the settings.
```

> 

Reviewer: This section is missing:

```suggestion

#### Using custom translations
 runs , which allows to use custom translations with the following options:

By default the command `make pull_translations` runs [`atlas pull`](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas) which pulls transaltions from the [openedx-translations repository](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations).

You can use custom translations on your fork of the openedx-translations repository by setting the following configuration parameters:

- `--revision` (default: `"main"`): Branch or git tag to pull translations from.
- `--repository` (default: `"openedx/openedx-translations"`). GitHub repository slug. There's a feature request to [support GitLab and other providers](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas/issues/20).

Arguments can be passed via the `ATLAS_OPTIONS` environment variable as shown below:

    make ATLAS_OPTIONS='--repository=<your-github-org>/<repository-name> --revision=<branch-name>' pull_translations

There are additional arguments can be passed to `atlas pull`. Refer to the [atlas documentations ](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas) for more information.

```

> - Now, in the ***testing*** phase, the translations are in `Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations` repo under `fc_55_sample` branch and the tester should use the below command to test:
>     ```
>   make ATLAS_OPTIONS='--repository=Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations --branch=fc_55_sample' pull_translations
>   ```

Reviewer: Reword and add links:

```suggestion
#### Testing translations
Until the [pull request #422](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-app-ios/pull/422) is merged, translations needs to be pulled from the testing branch `Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations` repo under `fc_55_sample` branch with the following options:

    make ATLAS_OPTIONS='--repository=Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations --revision=fc_55_sample' pull_translations

```

> ### How it works for the translator.
> - After a new push to the 'develop' branch, an automated action will do the following:
>   1. Run `make extract_translations` which will extract the translation entries from the app modules to the single file `I18N/en.lproj/Localization.strings`.
>   2. Push that file to [openedx translations](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations) to be translated later by translators.
> 
> - As a side note, the automated github action has not been writen yet.

Reviewer: The suggested workflow is not correct, please find the edits below: 

```suggestion
### How to translate the app

Translations are managed in the [open-edx/openedx-translations](https://app.transifex.com/open-edx/openedx-translations/dashboard/) Transifex project.

To translate the app join Transifex and add your translations `openedx-app-ios` resource:

 - https://app.transifex.com/open-edx/openedx-translations/openedx-app-ios/ (the link will start working after the [pull request #442](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-app-ios/pull/422) is merged)

Once the resource is both 100% translated and reviewed Transifex will push it to the [openedx-translations](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations) repository and developers can use the translations in their app.
```

6. Click the **Run** button.

## Translations
### Getting translations for the app
Translations aren't included in the source code of this repository as of [OEP-58](https://docs.openedx.org/en/latest/developers/concepts/oep58.html). Therefore, they need to be pulled before testing or publishing to App Store.

To get the latest translations for all languages use the following command:
```bash

> make pull_translations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note: This will install Python requirements, therefore it is recommended to enable a Python virtual environment
make translation_requirements
make pull_translations
```

```

> This command runs [`atlas pull`](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas) that downloads the latest translations file from the [openedx/openedx-translations](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations) repository which contains the latest translations for all languages. By that each language's translation is saved as a single file e.g. `I18N/I18N/uk.lproj/Localization.strings` ([example](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations/blob/6448167e9695a921f003ff6bd8f40f006a2d6743/translations/openedx-app-ios/I18N/I18N/uk.lproj/Localizable.strings)). Then the translation file is split into the App's modules e.g. `Discovery/Discovery/uk.lproj/Localization.strings`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command runs [`atlas pull`](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas) to download the latest translations files from the [openedx/openedx-translations](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations) repository. These files contain the latest translations for all languages. In the [openedx/openedx-translations](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations) repository each language's translations are saved as a single file e.g. `I18N/I18N/uk.lproj/Localization.strings` ([example](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations/blob/6448167e9695a921f003ff6bd8f40f006a2d6743/translations/openedx-app-ios/I18N/I18N/uk.lproj/Localizable.strings)). After these are pulled, each language's translation file is split into the App's modules e.g. `Discovery/Discovery/uk.lproj/Localization.strings`.
```

   
  After this command is run the application can load the translations by changing the device (or the emulator) language in the settings.

### Using custom translations

> By default, the command `make pull_translations` runs [`atlas pull`](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas) which pulls transaltions from the [openedx-translations repository](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the command `make pull_translations` runs [`atlas pull`](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas) with no arguments which pulls transaltions from the [openedx-translations repository](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-translations).
```

You can use custom translations on your fork of the openedx-translations repository by setting the following configuration parameters:

- `--revision` (default: `"main"`): Branch or git tag to pull translations from.
- `--repository` (default: `"openedx/openedx-translations"`): GitHub repository slug. There's a feature request to [support GitLab and other providers](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas/issues/20).

Arguments can be passed via the `ATLAS_OPTIONS` environment variable as shown below:
``` bash
make ATLAS_OPTIONS='--repository=<your-github-org>/<repository-name> --revision=<branch-name>' pull_translations
```
Additional arguments can be passed to `atlas pull`. Refer to the [atlas documentations ](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-atlas) for more information.

### Testing translations

Until the [pull request #422](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-app-ios/pull/422) is merged, translations needs to be pulled from the testing branch `Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations` repo under `fc_55_sample` branch with the following options:
``` bash
make ATLAS_OPTIONS='--repository=Zeit-Labs/openedx-translations --revision=fc_55_sample' pull_translations

> ```

Reviewer 3: How about removing this section from the README?
It seems that the PR description is sufficient for testing
